DOC Add information about Open Source Collective (#1923)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/project/about.md

- Twitter: [twitter.com/pyodide](https://twitter.com/pyodide)
- Stack Overflow: [stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/pyodide](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/pyodide)

## Donations

> We accept donnations to the Pyodide project at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We accept donations to the Pyodide project at
```

[opencollective.com/pyodide](https://opencollective.com/pyodide). All donations

> are processed by the [Open Source Collective](https://www.oscollective.org/) -- a non
> profit organization that acts as our fiscal host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are processed by the [Open Source Collective](https://www.oscollective.org/) -- a 
nonprofit organization that acts as our fiscal host.
```
